Improve Extensions documentation (#362)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/community/plugins.md

---
id: plugins
title: Plugins (Extensions)
description: List of Nebari plugins
---

> Nebari plugins (sometimes referred to as extensions) add new tool integrations like JupyterLab extensions and JupyterHub services, modify some existing Nebari features, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebari plugins (sometimes referred to as extensions) allow developers to add new features relatively easily without the need to modify the core Nebari code base. At the moment, there are two types of plugins `stages` and `subcommands`. Stage plugins allow users to deploy new features alongside the existing the Nebari features whereas subcommand plugins allow users to extend or modify the existing Nebari CLI.
```
